Update UG and DG for Tag features (#137)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-W15-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

Example:
* `tag add 1 t/friend` adds the friend tag to the first contact shown in the list.

### Delete a Tag: `tag delete`

Deletes a tag.

Format: `tag delete t/TAG`

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">
**:information_source: Note:** When `TAG` is deleted, `TAG` is removed from all the contacts which previously had it.
</div>

Example:
* `tag delete t/family` deletes the `family` tag.

> ### Remove a Tag to a Contact: `tag remove`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Remove a Tag from a Contact: `tag remove`
```

Author: I made the changes. Thanks for the catch.

> Adds an existing tag to an existing contact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes an existing tag from an existing contact.
```

Author: I made the changes. Thanks for the catch.

Format: `tag remove INDEX t/TAG`

> * Removes a `TAG` to the contact at the specified `INDEX`. The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed list of contacts. The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removes a `TAG` from the contact at the specified `INDEX`. The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed list of contacts. The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​
```

Author: I made the changes. Thanks for the catch.
